Fix the format command to update the `id` field in indicatortype and inchdenttype (#442)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fix the **format** command to update the `id` field to be equal to `details` field in indicatortype, and to `name` field in incidenttype & dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the **format** command to update the `id` field to be equal to `details` field in indicator-type files, and to `name` field in incident-type & dashboard files.
```
